# Online Bookstore Management

 Consider an Information System aimed at managing a virtual bookstore. Below are the main system requirements resulting from a requirements gathering process conducted with the bookstore management. The Camões Bookstore intends to create a system for selling books via the Internet. It is characterized by its address, tax identification number, corporate designation, and name. The bookstore's corporate purpose is the commercialization of books. Each book is characterized by a title, ISBN, authors, publisher, and year of publication.
 
 It is important to record the nationality, first and last name of the author, and the order in which they contributed to writing the book. To register as a customer of the bookstore, it is necessary to fill out an online form that includes: first name, last name, nationality, email, login, password, credit card number (which will be used for payment), profession, ID or passport number, address, and phone number. Upon registration, the customer must select the different scientific areas of their interest and, for each one, the reason for the preference (professional, field of study, hobby, etc.).
 
 These preferences will serve as a basis for sending automatic emails with information about newly published books. The scientific areas have specific designations and can belong to different domains, including mathematics, computer science, general management, financial management, etc. The online purchasing process is distinct from the traditional system. Thus, a customer can add a book to the shopping cart and make the purchase at a later date, i.e., at the moment of the purchase decision, they choose the items to buy at that time. To add a book to the shopping cart or access its contents, the customer must validate their access. Each customer has a single shopping cart. The various items added by the customer must include the quantity, price, and the book they refer to.
 
 The customer can choose to purchase or reserve each item. For purchased items, it is important to know the purchase date and the delivery address, which may be different from the customer's address. At the moment of purchase, the customer will need to validate their access. To allow the customer to more effectively search the bookstore’s portfolio, they are allowed to search for books by title or ISBN.